README.md, before:

# Algorithms and Data Structures

This project dives deep into the realm of data structures and algorithms. Also to demonstrate differences between languages, codings are done in Java, JavaScript, and Ruby. The goal is to implement and to give my own take on various data structures and algorithms. Further goal will be to add visualization with a full stack application. This documents my own findings and serves as a living repo for learning the subjects.

## How To Test the Codes

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes. See deployment for notes on how to deploy the project on a live system.

For codes written in Ruby, after cloning you can run the following commands for RSpec testing.
```
$bundle install
...
$rspec spec
```

### Data Structures

* Array

* Linked List

* Heap

### Abstract Data Types

* Stack

* Queue

* Priority Queue

* Dictionary / Hashmap

### Installing

This section will provide instructions on how to test and run the codes by language.

## Running the tests

Explain how to run the automated tests for this system

### Break down into end to end tests

Explain what these tests test and why

```
Give an example
```

### And coding style tests

Explain what these tests test and why

```
Give an example
```

## Deployment

Add additional notes about how to deploy this on a live system

## Built With

* [Dropwizard](http://www.dropwizard.io/1.0.2/docs/) - The web framework used
* [Maven](https://maven.apache.org/) - Dependency Management
* [ROME](https://rometools.github.io/rome/) - Used to generate RSS Feeds

## Contributing

Please read [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://gist.github.com/PurpleBooth/b24679402957c63ec426) for details on our code of conduct, and the process for submitting pull requests to us.

## Versioning

We use [SemVer](http://semver.org/) for versioning. For the versions available, see the [tags on this repository](https://github.com/your/project/tags). 

## Authors

* **Billie Thompson** - *Initial work* - [PurpleBooth](https://github.com/PurpleBooth)

See also the list of [contributors](https://github.com/your/project/contributors) who participated in this project.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details

## Acknowledgments

* Hat tip to anyone who's code was used
* Inspiration
* etc

Commit message:

Test git connection after cloning with SSH

README.md, after:

# Algorithms and Data Structures

This project dives deep into the realm of data structures and algorithms. Also to demonstrate differences between languages, codings are done in Java, JavaScript, and Ruby. The goal is to implement and to give my own take on various data structures and algorithms. Further goal will be to add visualization with a full stack application. This documents my own findings and serves as a living repo for learning the subjects.

## How To Test the Codes

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes. See deployment for notes on how to deploy the project on a live system.

For codes written in Ruby, after cloning you can run the following commands for RSpec testing.
```
$bundle install
...
$rspec spec
```

### Data Structures

* Array

* Linked List

* Heap

### Abstract Data Types

* Stack

* Queue

* Priority Queue

* Dictionary / Hashmap

### Installing

This section will provide instructions on how to test and run the codes by language.

## Running the tests

After most common data structures and algorithms have been written. Tests will be written for each language used.

### Break down into end to end tests

Explain what these tests test and why

```
Give an example
```

### And coding style tests

Explain what these tests test and why

```
Give an example
```

## Deployment

Add additional notes about how to deploy this on a live system

## Built With

* [Dropwizard](http://www.dropwizard.io/1.0.2/docs/) - The web framework used
* [Maven](https://maven.apache.org/) - Dependency Management
* [ROME](https://rometools.github.io/rome/) - Used to generate RSS Feeds

## Contributing

Please read [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://gist.github.com/PurpleBooth/b24679402957c63ec426) for details on our code of conduct, and the process for submitting pull requests to us.

## Versioning

We use [SemVer](http://semver.org/) for versioning. For the versions available, see the [tags on this repository](https://github.com/your/project/tags). 

## Authors

* **Billie Thompson** - *Initial work* - [PurpleBooth](https://github.com/PurpleBooth)

See also the list of [contributors](https://github.com/your/project/contributors) who participated in this project.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details

## Acknowledgments

* Hat tip to anyone who's code was used
* Inspiration
* etc
